Module 2: May 20-26 

This week I was presented with many challenges, some which I am still working on completeing. 

I was able to complete the first 3 excerises with no problems or challenges. As soon as I got to excerises 4-6 I was stuck for several hours trying to push myself and work through them. I was having a diffcult time creating the json file, I was not sure if I was to complete it on the DH Box command line or through the jupyter binder. This is something that I am still working on and plan to complete within the next few hours. I started to stress out when I saw that the days were going by and I needed to submit my work before the due date. 

For excercise 6 I was able to install the tesseract-ocr with no problem but when I went to install the mageMagick I kept getting an error message. I tried several times to delete the ocr test file and then try to reinstall everything but I was still left with the same error message. 

This week I left feeling very discouraged by not being able to fully complete all the exercises. This will mean I will to continue to push myself in the upcoming week to resolve my errors I was reciving on the excersises and then also work to complete the exercises for module 3. 

For the upcoming week I plan on asking more questions through annotations to make sure I get the advice and guidance needed in order to complete the work and not fall behind. I alwats forget that I can use Slack to relate my problems and struggles, this is something I will take advantage of in the upcoming modules. 

For module 3 I am ready and determined to be met with challenges, issues, and setbacks but I will go into it with an open mind to help me focus, push myself, and complete all the work. 

I am also having some difficulty with grithub. For the getting started fail log I was able to write out my log on here and then when I created it it looks like a normal page of a document. When I save this fail log it looks like I am still coding it (in the sense that I am seeing the numbers of the lines), I will have to go look back to the markdown sheet to see if there is a way I can fix this. 
